all right see if you have the Falcon
xbox360 or the old model without
actually opening or real kind of open it
but without removing any warranty
stickers you'll go get your Xbox you'll
need a paper clip for this and you're
going to take the look at the camera
face play off by sticking your thumb in
the hole down here and just pull them
your up comes right off
alright now you're gonna also might need
a flashlight
get your paper clip
and right here you'll see a filled-in
dot filled in dot filled and uh you kind
of stick it right here push in there
down there all right right around there
okay all right you know definitely pull
up stick it in over here pull up gently
stick on this side let's move to the
other side you turn your Xbox around
almost got it here hold these tabs -
they're very breakable there you go and
you remove these plastic now see if you
have a falcon
you'll get your ramp or light source and
you can I can already tell right now see
that that big grey a great block back
there that is a falcon and it'll have
fins on it but if you see a big orangish
copper huge seen pipe going up and down
just a big pipe of orange copper that is
the old model and just - um you can look
for yourself it's easier for the
flashlight now put it back on you'll get
this end of the board this is the side
without the harddrive remember make sure
you have it looks like it looks like
this not this anyway so it might be
wrong yeah I am anyway look you're gonna
take the notched in right here and
that's gonna go in the front of the Xbox
so you can put it in the back first
just set it down in there
snap snap in snap in the front and then
put your face plate back on by putting
the EBD in the eject button and it's
first and just snap it down your xbox
and that's how you check the other
falcon